because i feel like sometimes i come  across like i have this real air of  confidence and in some ways i do but in  other ways i'm just like really broken  inside  that's a topic for a video  but honestly i will have body dysmorphia  for the rest of my life and it's not  just about my weight it's about so many  other things uh so many other features  and now aging yeah i just thought you  know there's there's no problem i'm just  really healthy and just really into  working out and i realized that my  autism actually contributed very  negatively to my ed  uh girls with autism are apparently more  prone to eds and the way that my brain  functions and the way that i can fixate  on things really took things to another  level so i got botox several years ago  and uh i think i had you know managed to  move on from the body dysmorphia that i  had of my body maybe even my nose  and i moved on to my crow's feet and  just how horrible it was that i was  aging because gross  and uh i was in an esthetician's  clinic's office because i would go there  to get laser facials which themselves  are very invasive i mean if you had seen  me after getting one of these laser  facials or micro needling i guess the  laser facials well some of them were  very invasive like i mean my face would  just be like beet red after the micro  needling there's blood there's blood on  your face so it is very intense and that  is also kind of anti-aging stuff but  anyway i was asking you know uh was this  gonna help like around my eyes  and they said no because  it's so intense that you can't do it  around your sensitive eye area so they  offered me some deal on botox and i was  like oh god no like that sounds too  intense and invasive and whatever and  they were like no it only lasts for  three months so if you don't like it  then it'll wear off and i was like oh  okay  so i went for it  i was devastated  uh i guess i must have gotten too much  or something but i just felt like i  could not emote at all from my eyes um i  actually i filmed a video at that time  and i remember just being like i cannot  post this i won't tell you which video  it was  but i was like i can't post this like  people are gonna notice um but i was  also really worried about what my  partner would think because we had not  been dating for that long but i was  absolutely head over heels for him and  he is a comrade he's an anti-capitalist  a proletarian feminist just fantastic  politics and i thought that he was just  going to think i was so vain and  ridiculous and insecure and that's not  you know what i wanted to project  because i feel like sometimes i come  across like i have this real air of  confidence and in some ways i do but in  other ways i'm just like really broken  inside  [Music]  i'm going to tell you a short anecdote  that seems at first  to be irrelevant to the topic of this  video  but give it a whole three minutes  it's profoundly profoundly relevant  to what the real issue is what the real  problem is  with mexi's approach not just to this  topic  but to politics to philosophy to life  and it's a problem  millions of people struggle with  every day their whole lives long young  and old  i used to live  in a tiny  war-torn  poverty-stricken  landlocked country called laos  was a communist country  the lao people's democratic republic  nothing democratic about it let me tell  you  and the explanation they had  for their own poverty the explanation  every single one of them believed in  was that thailand was flat  whereas laos was mountainous  and just this geographic fact  the mountains  locked them into poverty  forever and ever  this wasn't propaganda  this was something they really truly  believed  and with every single person i spoke to  about it face to face  you could tell i was the first person to  have ever challenged this assumption to  have ever said to them in their whole  lives you know there are some countries  that have mountains  that are wealthy and there are some  countries where the mountainous area  is the wealthiest part of the country  not the lowlands not the flat land in  this way no one had ever challenged them  no one had ever pointed out to them  that switzerland and luxembourg are  among the wealthiest countries in the  world no one had challenged this logic  which they had  they had  internalized you know would be like  this kind of left-wing verbiage about  internalizing oppression  you know it was something they really  live with as a belief that shaped their  view of the world and if you just  challenge them to think through can you  come up with some examples of countries  that have no mountains that are quite  flat and that nevertheless  are locked in poverty and can you think  of some countries that are mountainous  and that are wealthy and successful can  we start to think  about what the challenges really are can  we start to overcome this  thought  arresting cliche  when you're talking about gender roles  when you're talking about sexuality when  you're talking about body image when  you're talking about  oppression  are these problems unique  to heterosexual women  can we say  that some of the same problems  are experienced  by heterosexual men  can we say  that some of the same problems are  experienced  by gay men  in hypothetical scenarios at least where  this issue of oppression and oppressed  and the male gaze being contrasted to  the female gates where actually this  whole complex ideological framework  no longer makes sense  and yet there are gay men and there are  straight women who struggle with the  same problems if you can start to  challenge  your own presuppositions  in this way  when you blame things  on straight white men  or when you blame things on  capitalism  really challenge yourself to think  through  and just talk through to speak through  examples to the contrary do some of the  same  problems exist  amongst women  do some of the same problems exist  in african countries where the vast  majority of people are black do some of  the same problems exist in  non-capitalists  societies if you're blaming capitalism  whether you think back many centuries to  feudalism whether you think of examples  of feudalism that exist in the world  today or whether you think of  communist  societies  it's so easy  to blame your poverty on the mountains  because you can see them  every day  and it's so easy  to blame your oppression  on capitalism  because that is what you can see in  front of you  like the mountains on the horizon  every day and as a heterosexual woman  it's so easy to feel  that all the problems in your life are  caused by heterosexual men and it's so  easy to be blind  to the extent to which heterosexual men  may struggle with some of the same  problems and heterosexual men might have  it even worse and gay men might have it  even worse and that actually  what you're doing  is pointing  at the mountains on the  horizon and you're imagining  a relationship of cause and effect  you're imagining a relationship of  oppressor to the oppressed  when what we're really talking about is  a self-serving  self-pitying  delusion